Mr. Jiang, let me lend you a cup
I have a teleconference later.
Don't drink Mr. Jiang
Don't drink with me
Don't give me face
Aunt Wang Yu
I'll drink with you, okay?
Mr. Jia suddenly said he wanted to see you in the future
no see
In the future, it will be said that he knows the truth about temporary death
I have something to do, you go first
chance encounter
What did you get?
I'll leave this little bitch to you
Remember to record the video.
Ok boss
Little beauty, why did you cheapen me?
Stop
Didn't you leave?
Did you know I'm recording a video?
This is evidence of past crimes
Wang Yun will use you and I to leave in the future
You solve it
For revenge
Just sacrifice yourself
Anything in the future must be reimbursed in advance
I don't want my unscheduled
Report the time tomorrow.
Wait, you're hurt?
Let's go to the hospital
It doesn't matter to you either.
I thought you only knew how to get revenge on me
Whatever you want, I'm sure.